thoughts/faith/2025-03-27-a-set-of-prayers-to-start-the-day-with.md, before:

---
title: A set of prayers to start the day with
public: true
---

7 prayers to start the day with (_from my friend Emmanuel_).


<u>#1</u><br>
The [Lord’s Prayer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lord%27s_Prayer):

>Our Father in heaven,<br>
hallowed be your name,<br>
your kingdom come,<br>
your will be done,<br>
on earth as it is in heaven.<br>
Give us today our daily bread.<br>
And forgive us our sins,<br>
as we also have forgiven those who sinned against us.<br>
And lead us not into temptation,<br>
but deliver us from the evil one.


<u>#2</u><br>
An old Catholic prayer known as the [Anima Christi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anima_Christi):

>Soul of Christ, sanctify me.<br>
Body of Christ, save me.<br>
Blood of Christ, inebriate me.<br>
Water from the side of Christ, wash me.<br>
Passion of Christ, strengthen me.<br>
O good Jesus, hear me.<br>
Within your wounds hide me.<br>
Permit me not to be separated from you.<br>
From the wicked foe, defend me.<br>
At the hour of my death, call me and bid me come to you;<br>
That with your saints I may praise you.<br>
For ever and ever. <br>
Amen.<br>


<u>#3</u><br>
Praying Psalm 33 (*modified by me*):
>Sing joyfully to the LORD, you righteous; it is fitting for the upright to praise him.
>
>Praise the LORD with the harp; make music to him on the ten-stringed lyre.
>
>Sing to him a new song; play skillfully, and shout for joy. 
>
>For the word of the LORD is right and true; he is faithful in all he does.
>
>The LORD loves righteousness and justice; the earth is full of his unfailing love. 
>
>By the word of the LORD were the heavens made, their starry host by the breath of his mouth.
>
>He gathers the waters of the sea into jars [1] ; he puts the deep into storehouses.
>
>Let all the earth fear the LORD; let all the people of the world revere him.
>
>For he spoke, and it came to be; he commanded, and it stood firm.
>
>The LORD foils the plans of the nations; he thwarts the purposes of the peoples.
>
>But the plans of the LORD stand firm forever, the purposes of his heart through all generations. 
>
>Blessed is the nation whose God is the LORD, the people he chose for his inheritance.
>
>From heaven the LORD looks down and sees all mankind;
>
>from his dwelling place he watches all who live on earth--
>
>he who forms the hearts of all, who considers everything they do.
>
>No king is saved by the size of his army; no warrior escapes by his great strength.
>
>A horse is a vain hope for deliverance; despite all its great strength it cannot save.
>
>But the eyes of the LORD are on those who fear him, on those whose hope is in his unfailing love,
>
>to deliver them from death and keep them alive in famine. 
>
>We wait in hope for the LORD; he is our help and our shield.
>
>In him our hearts rejoice, for we trust in his holy name.
>
>May your unfailing love rest upon us, O LORD, even as we put our hope in you. 


<u>#4</u><br>
Praying Psalm 16 (*modified by me*):
>Keep me safe, O God, for in you I take refuge. 
>
>I said to the LORD, "You are my Lord; apart from you I have no good thing."
>
>As for the saints who are in the land, they are the glorious ones in whom is all my delight.
>
>The sorrows of those will increase who run after other gods. I will not pour out their libations of blood or take up their names on my lips. 
>
>LORD, you have assigned me my portion and my cup; you have made my lot secure.
>
>The boundary lines have fallen for me in pleasant places; surely I have a delightful inheritance. 
>
>I will praise the LORD, who counsels me; even at night my heart instructs me.
>
>I have set the LORD always before me. Because he is at my right hand, I will not be shaken. 
>
>Therefore my heart is glad and my tongue rejoices; my body also will rest secure,
>
>because you will not abandon me to the grave, nor will you let your Holy One see decay.
>
>You have made known to me the path of life; you will fill me with joy in your presence, with eternal pleasures at your right hand. 


<u>#5</u><br>
Pray for at least 1 thing you are thankful for (out loud).


<u>#6</u><br>
Pray for at least 1 person you want to pray for (out loud).


<u>#7</u><br>
Start to ask God for clarity with serving, and what to do with time.

Commit message:

Modify Psalm 33 in the 7 morning prayers

thoughts/faith/2025-03-27-a-set-of-prayers-to-start-the-day-with.md, after:

---
title: A set of prayers to start the day with
public: true
desc: 7 prayers to start the day with (from my friend Emmanuel).
---

7 prayers to start the day with (_from my friend Emmanuel_).


<u>#1</u><br>
The [Lord’s Prayer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lord%27s_Prayer):

>Our Father in heaven,<br>
hallowed be your name,<br>
your kingdom come,<br>
your will be done,<br>
on earth as it is in heaven.<br>
Give us today our daily bread.<br>
And forgive us our sins,<br>
as we also have forgiven those who sinned against us.<br>
And lead us not into temptation,<br>
but deliver us from the evil one.


<u>#2</u><br>
An old Catholic prayer known as the [Anima Christi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anima_Christi):

>Soul of Christ, sanctify me.<br>
Body of Christ, save me.<br>
Blood of Christ, inebriate me.<br>
Water from the side of Christ, wash me.<br>
Passion of Christ, strengthen me.<br>
O good Jesus, hear me.<br>
Within your wounds hide me.<br>
Permit me not to be separated from you.<br>
From the wicked foe, defend me.<br>
At the hour of my death, call me and bid me come to you;<br>
That with your saints I may praise you.<br>
For ever and ever. <br>
Amen.<br>


<u>#3</u><br>
Praying Psalm 33 (*modified by me*):
>Sing joyfully to the LORD, you righteous; it is fitting to praise him.
>
>Praise the LORD; sing to him a new song; and shout for joy.
>
>For the word of the LORD is right and true; he is faithful in all he does.
>The LORD loves righteousness and justice; the earth is full of his unfailing love.
>
>By the word of the LORD were the heavens made, their starry host by the breath of his mouth.
>Let all the earth fear the LORD; let all the people of the world revere him.
>For he spoke, and it came to be; he commanded, and it stood firm.
>
>The LORD foils the plans of the nations; he thwarts the purposes of the peoples.
>But the plans of the LORD stand firm forever, the purposes of his heart through all generations. 
>Blessed is the nation whose God is the LORD [and] the people [including this Body of Christ] he chose for his inheritance.
>
>From heaven the LORD looks down and sees all mankind;
>from his dwelling place he watches all who live on earth--
>he who forms the hearts of all, who considers everything they do.
>No king is saved by the size of his army; no warrior escapes by his great strength.
>A horse [or technology] is a vain hope for deliverance; despite all its great strength it cannot save.
>
>But the eyes of the LORD are on those who fear him, on those whose hope is in his unfailing love,
>to deliver them from death and keep them alive in famine. 
>
>We wait in hope for the LORD; he is our help and our shield.
>
>In him our hearts rejoice, for we trust in his holy name.
>
>May your unfailing love rest upon us, O LORD, even as we put our hope in you. 


<u>#4</u><br>
Praying Psalm 16 (*modified by me*):
>Keep me safe, O God, for in you I take refuge. 
>
>I said to the LORD, "You are my Lord; apart from you I have no good thing."
>
>As for the saints who are in the land, they are the glorious ones in whom is all my delight.
>
>The sorrows of those will increase who run after other gods. I will not pour out their libations of blood or take up their names on my lips. 
>
>LORD, you have assigned me my portion and my cup; you have made my lot secure.
>
>The boundary lines have fallen for me in pleasant places; surely I have a delightful inheritance. 
>
>I will praise the LORD, who counsels me; even at night my heart instructs me.
>
>I have set the LORD always before me. Because he is at my right hand, I will not be shaken. 
>
>Therefore my heart is glad and my tongue rejoices; my body also will rest secure,
>
>because you will not abandon me to the grave, nor will you let your Holy One see decay.
>
>You have made known to me the path of life; you will fill me with joy in your presence, with eternal pleasures at your right hand. 


<u>#5</u><br>
Pray for at least 1 thing you are thankful for (out loud).


<u>#6</u><br>
Pray for at least 1 person you want to pray for (out loud).


<u>#7</u><br>
Start to ask God for clarity with serving, and what to do with time.
